Change boolean literals to `true` and `false` (#2844)
tenzir/vast: changelog/unreleased/breaking-changes/2844--boolean-literals-true-false.md

> Boolean literals in VASTQL expressions are now denoted as the more commonly used
> `true` and `false` over `T` and `F` based on user feedback. E.g., the query
> `suricata.alert.alerted == T` is no longer valid; use `suricata.alert.alerted ==
> true` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boolean literals in expressions have a new syntax: `true` and `false` replace the old representations `T` and `F`. For example, the query
`suricata.alert.alerted == T` is no longer valid; use `suricata.alert.alerted ==
true` instead.
```
